Grids: add a note about filtering and data type (#6983)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 UI Components/DataGrid/30 Filtering and Searching/1 Filter Row.md

![DevExtreme HTML5 JavaScript jQuery Knockout Angular DataGrid Filtering FilterRow](/images/DataGrid/visual_elements/filter_row_operation_chooser.png)

The set of available filter operations can be restricted using the [filterOperations](/api-reference/_hidden/GridBaseColumn/filterOperations.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columns/#filterOperations') property. 

> [note] Filter row operations depend on the column [data type](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columns/#dataType). If a column starts with empty values, DataGrid cannot assign the data type automatically. You need to assign the column data type manually for filter row to function correctly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[note] Filter row operations depend on the column [data type](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columns/#dataType). If a column starts with empty values, DataGrid cannot assign the data type automatically. You must assign the column data type for the filter row to function correctly.
```
